Courageous!
Em pious!
​​​ ​For Sirrumon's sake!
​​​ ​Theyul all of you fire your ears,
​​​ ​but now responsibility falls upon you!
​​​ ​Leaving thedate of the civilization of the Empire and the preeto Fair E tougher days,
​​​ ​when will your last chase be over—
However, in order to keep the peace, theหoeven called the virtually defeated.
This' how thegresumvas was defeated.
His beats were great, of paracelor,
his xக stunned Reedwood,
and, knowing every thing he knew,
I am convinced that justice is in me,
and that justice always wins.
At this time, in the Towa district,
the Towa district is truly united.
The system has finally been formed,
and the southern government is also fully committed to our justice.
In addition, the road-to-road, three-way alliance has been firmly connected,
and we have started to step forward towards the construction of the new world.
We hope that in the future,
without being involved in wars,
without being involved in the long term of the war,
we will not be able to overcome any conflict,
and we will firmly believe that the final victory will be ours,
along with the law of the law.
The victory of the empire is the victory of the Towa district,
and also the victory of the world.
The army of the Towa district,
whose responsibility is to build the new Towa,
will be responsible for the future of the Towa district.
I am sure that the army will be able to do so.
I am sure that the army will be able to show its strong unity
and high morale,
and that it will be able to save the people,
and that it will be able to be the leader of the Towa district.
I am sure that the army will be able to do so.
This is a simple speech,
but I would like to give you my greetings.